# Machine Learning codes
Machine learning is the study of how features and patterns can be extracted from data to improve predictive models. Just like with uncertainty quantification, the boundaries of ML are difficult to establish. Typically, we are working with surplus of data, rather than a shortage. The models tend to be over-parameterized, rather than under-parameterized. Performance, rather than robustness, is the main concern. However, these fields rest on nearly identical mathematical foundations: optimization, numerical linear algebra, Monte Carlo methods, and a mix of Bayesian and frequentist statistics.

In recent years, there have been several breakthroughs that result from the fusion of ML and UQ, combining strengths from both. For example, ML researchers are leveraging the power of sensitivity analysis to aid in the task of explainability. In UQ, practitioners are using neural networks to extract PDE models from noisy and uncertain data. The fields of ML and UQ are in an ideal position to develop a powerful, symbiotic relationship. Conducting research at the interseciton of these fields has been incredibly exciting! For starters, I highly recommend a subscription to the [SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science](https://epubs.siam.org/journal/sjmdaq).

In my repository, you can find **introductory ML tutorials**, covering the basics in optimization, classification, and Tensorflow. There will also be **experimental projects**, such as the combination of sensitivity analysis with random forest models. 
